Watched the first episode of "Alien:Earth". I'll reserve judgement for a while. Here are my initial impressions:

1) Opens with the 'Nostromo' sorry the 'USCSS Maginot' which both resembeles the Nostromo but is less a derilect tug vs a long duration ship both resembeled modern battleships. The first image as the familiar text screen reflecting off a helmet left in the command center. 

2) The ambiance is either exactly like Alien, with more molded plastic finishes and streamlining but exactly the same type of layout and thematic lighting.  We are told they were on a 65 year mission, in the year 2120. And the politics of the time is five companies are battling out/competing for control. The contest is for 'immortality' he who wins controls the solar system (simple but human). There are tthree possibilities: Cyborgs, modified humans.  Synthetics, AI in synthetic bodies, and now the Hybrids, human minds in synthetic bodies.

3) The human crew wakes just like Aliens, silent and uncoordinated and some are creepy, less socially adapted and robotic but these are the humans. Quickly you realize the human crew isn't 'the best of the best' just expendable and the pure human examples we see are stupid, and some totally uneducated just drones. We have the same bs tensions between the different classes which is throwaway dialog.

4) We learn from the creepy navigator they woke four months from Earth orbit. Then they take another 'nap'  why, I don't know but our friendly cyborg security dude wanders around. Then we see, the scurity dude in the exact 'comm center' sending a status report and shit happening outside, and he dramaticlaly waits for the noise to end before typing "Crew Dead". And then we see the critters.

5) We see the Cyborg has a left arm that is a swiss army knife, with blowtoarch and tools and looks like my arm, but the dude is dead calm at all times.  He escapes the ship, after warning the ship will crash. And no body shoots down the ship.

5) Then we open on Tim Oliphant showing a scorpion to a very sick little girl about 12, and she first wants to 'smash' the scorpion because it scares her, then when lighlty questioned says to not kill it. Forshadowing at its finest. Tim Oliphant seems like your friendly uncle who is definately not quite human, and you quickly see he has his own opinions on everything but says just the right thing to avoid being terminated.  

6) The little girl will be the 'first hybrid' she's asked by the too young trillionare if she knows who Neil Armstrong was... the professionaly warm doctors lead her to the transition table where her mind will be scanned (they don't explain they let my scifi training fill in the gaps) . And the little girl wakes up in the young woman's body. The lead is played by Kyle Chandler's daughter, she seems to be a good actress. We see the young hybrid high on the side of a rocky hill looking out to sea, and when called jumps down abut four hundred feet and doesn't even squat on the landing. She runs 'fast' but just maybe 2x human.

7) We quickly understand the trillionare is fixated on Peter Pan, and calls his research island 'Neverland' which makes me think of Michael Jackson, and the disney metaphors and videos pop up thoughout the episode and the young trillionare even reads the Barry book out loud at times. 

8) So her rag tag bunch of hybrid sick children in adult bodies are called (you guessed it) 'the lost boys' even though half are girls, and our protagonist is named (shocking originality) Wendy.

9) So the big ship crashes, exactly onto the trillioares property somewhere in the Pacific, and Wendey decides to 'go rescue her brother' who thinks she's already dead... oh yeah, apparently the hybridizatoin process kills the original which seems odd but useful for story telling to avoid the 'talking with my other self' stories etc.

10) We see Wendy put a paper cutter blade on her back like it stick magnetically. Which having a ferromagentic endoskeleton seems like a bad idea, is part of this story. Synthetic bodies don't grow, we are told which makes some sense, and we don't know the good/bad/differences between the three types of transhumans but get the clear picture that the plain humans are now just cannon fodder and sort of the 'non player characters'.

I'll watch the rest of episode two tonight. Sorry for the sarcasm in the review, but it's honest and your thoughts would interest me a lot.
